hello and welcome dear spectators you
I'm sure you're here for the new one
mercedes a class is interested
a really nice car i could
convince myself because I'm at
Mercedes dealers have sat in it but
from the outside and inside top with a
very nice equipment so really
admirable
only vermouth drop is the
Price namely 50,000 euro because you have to
save quite a long time or credit
pay off and that's not good
a possibility for free at one
mercedes a class to come
of course, a win the odds
at a normal prize draw too
winning are relatively small
in fact, statistically speaking
about 60,000 participants in one
win game and the chances are
minimal
you have a slightly better chance of winning
at special games of
company for companies or
specific audiences such as
that this is now political
GmbH
The number of participants is about 5000
People
that means the odds are pretty good
to participate in every sweepstakes
you have to think about one
register special link
in this case, a-class was pl gws
punkt.de slash question mark pr
underlined idea equal 35 45 so that you
I do not copy the whole thing
posted the link in the description there
can you just click and you
Ready to go
this game of profit works for me
was last year by my colleague
pointed out as a vw polo
has won and therefore the
chance you also this competition
to bring closer
to bring a new car meat yes
if you on the website since it can also
already go
you have to give your names and surnames
and enter the email address
I always prepared max
mustermann how the 30 here have
I did not open it before
important you can write or what
I would recommend you too
to open an e-mail address which he
not used because we see down here
you will get advertising
In such cases, I always use one
new e-mail address or a disposable e
mail address the tick here must
be activated
You have to agree with the advertising and
then you continue to click like that
then we will be another page
forwarded where your your address
of course you have to enter the pattern
street 60 386 because I'm from frankfurt
comes and as a phone number we go
just something a phone number
if you have used a mobile phone that you
not used is simply the number 1
and there will be the eventual
werbeanrufer not annoying
Anyone from Germany can participate
Austria and Switzerland
in my case, jump in germany
little germany and down here
one still the date of birth
the participation is only from 18 years
Therefore wrong minor time factor
parents or acquaintances of legal age
are
because even in a win there is the car
maybe not to you then that is
Trouble right big you can too
sign in with multiple accounts
pay attention to that
the need itself as built
would be more expensive family members
known and so on and so forth
this will increase your chances of winning
double dates or registrations
I would not recommend because that can
the computer can be detected very quickly
and maybe your chance is the car
to win flutes and that net of me
after clarifying that
click now to join now
Here comes a pop up that gives you
click away
Here we are informed that
you just sent an e mail adress e mail to
have gotten our address
which we have to confirm that is in
order
Here comes a small questionnaire
you have to fill in but not
Offers that also take advantage
may or may not be my case
not that is why I belong all the way down and
comes to a conclusion
we will ask him if he really does
do not take advantage of any offers
yes and we continue to click here
again please close yours
participation from ok I will maybe do
here are still offers
coupon cards free razor blades
favorable article or
audiobooks I do not want everything everything
what I want now the mercedes a
great and that 's it then we look
an e-mail
nothing has come it may take
maybe an hour
we take not immediately come now
arrives now also seems to be so
small demonstration effect in any case
will get the e-mail and if you
she gets her click on the
confirmation link will be yours
participation verified and then presses
the thumb that soon in a new
mercedes class ride
See you soon with one
new medium and said shut the ears
to see each other again